In this challenge you will be working as a government agent
in this challenge you will be working for a government agency as a data scientist.
You have supplied a data set with consumer complaints received by financial institutions in 2013 to
2015.
Your darkest uploader data into a database and perform some analysis you need to find how many complaints
were received and sent on the same day.
You need to find all the complaints that were received in states of New York and California.
You need to extract all the rules with the word credit in the product field and you need to extract
all rows with the word late in the issue field.
So as you can see this is a pretty straightforward challenge with a dataset upload it uploaded and then
we perform some basic fundamental queries on it.
So how do we load that dataset.
Well you need to open your web browser for me.
Again google chrome and then you need to input this address in super data science dot com slash ask
you out.
So we followed this up.
This page is loading up.
And as you can see this is SDL and other based a lot practice data page.
So all you need to do you need to scroll down to Section 3.
Here we have the challenge which is a PTF of the PowerPoint that we just went through.
You need to select what rescue will upload code and then you need to like consumer complaints.
A lot of the file that you can load up a zip file and then just extract it on the machine.
So if we go to the data source we can see that all of this data that we will be working with was taking
from an official website of the United States government particularly from Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau.
So that's why crazy.
All of the data will be working with is from the real world and all of it exist in real life.
So what other downloads have finished.
Let's go ahead and show them and finder.
So just click here as you can see this is a SCV file and docs.
So just drag them onto the table.
That's what I like to do.
You're free to keep them wherever you want.
So if we open the docs file we will see a bunch of weird code.
So no worry about it right now.
And if we open the SUV file we will see database that will contain all the information we need.
So this will be a basic simple Excel spreadsheet that consist of a lot of water a lot of data.
And as you can see if we scroll down we can see that this is all correct that they that is not corrupted
which is very good for us and all the data seems to be in place.
So go ahead cause it for now.
And you have them all and everything and you're ready to upload that which we'll do in next lecture.